Modoc County: Break down
Modoc County: Break down the toilet and we'll have to wait for my fiance all caps to
Modoc County: rescan for about a week into a little place.
Modoc County: rehab center.
Modoc County: Or ever since since
Modoc County: January 18
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Um, tell me about your history. Tell me about your story with Substances Law basically like when were you first.
Serenna Beers: Introduced to them and then as far as when they, when they were the absolute worst
Modoc County: Okay, I first
Modoc County: I first
Modoc County: started trading, they're actually really heartbreaking kind of started about 17 was in the United States Army. That's only free to find one over there I scanned in, you know, I can drink a beer over the three of us 14 and McDonald's, you can override
Modoc County: The Budweiser with your beer was we had one
Serenna Beers: Back.
Modoc County: I'm going to create the other 6300 balls.
Modoc County: So,
Modoc County: Yes, I
Modoc County: Do a lot of training, listen to go through that, since we're first of all started from.
Modoc County: You know, just access and I've always worked a voice in a non qualified
Modoc County: Face or for 12 years before the sentence here.
Modoc County: I have relapsed after 12 years 12 years pretty certain I have my folder chair.
Modoc County: Then you know there's also an obvious I broke the law balls my body. I thought between most of us 23
Serenna Beers: Oh my goodness.
Modoc County: I'm still like every my shoulder right now sit there was a brochure, the senior talk to you. So I have a, I have to go have another sort of surgery.
Serenna Beers: Okay. Which brings me to chronic pain. So the what, what was the precipitating event.
Serenna Beers: Was it back on the first bone that you originally broke or was there some sort of an accident or as far as where you needed where you turn to the opiates.
Modoc County: No, I have, I have a return
Modoc County: Staring at people to
Modoc County: Pay
Modoc County: This person that you guys are awesome for
Modoc County: The Suboxone this week.
Modoc County: It's really, you know, does it asked, How do you get a good shot. No, no, does he sleep.
Modoc County: Sleep one once you're sleeping on pain, but I don't like to sleep all the time. I'm not really liking it too much. It don't take care of the pain based on
Modoc County: What I'm doing. I have to do.
Modoc County: You want to post a song last night to take care of the pain, the pain medicine you take take us
Modoc County: Weeks.
Serenna Beers: What was your
Serenna Beers: So you start started with pain meds. Were you did you take them as prescribed or did you start to take them outside of the outside of the script. So more than obviously you were supposed to take
Modoc County: Her
Serenna Beers: Okay, well that would make sense.
Serenna Beers: Um, tell me about any press pass treatment.
Serenna Beers: History as far as either substance abuse or was there any other prior mental health.
Modoc County: I've had
Modoc County: I've had some issues with
Modoc County: PTSD.
Modoc County: Depression, I had a lot of different things, eight and a half years in the military.
Modoc County: Okay well two wars. I'm into iraq war with Iran, Afghanistan.
Modoc County: OK, and then a firefighter 15 years for for governments to feel that. And so I've been to a lot of help.
Modoc County: Ceylon death. So you want to help. It's a lot of people. So I'll
Modoc County: talk bad about the law and order to a hard
Modoc County: Life.
Modoc County: On the on the call to go
Modoc County: Broke down right now because I never got any diva give that person, the words.
Serenna Beers: Wow, a lot of trauma.
Serenna Beers: A lot of trouble.
Serenna Beers: Um,
Serenna Beers: Tell me about growing up. What was your family. Like, were you adopted. Were you raised with both mom and dad was there any brothers or sisters or your parents still together.
Modoc County: Refresh on
Modoc County: Vacation for 5060 years
Serenna Beers: That's awesome.
Modoc County: Lisa, I have a brother and a half brother for my shoulder. I got a brother two years older brother three years old or a sister, two years, our guys
Modoc County: We're all educated role as kids and family was posted family. I was pretty blessed with my family. I have a chair and loving parents
Modoc County: Always work together, always live with other kids we take his off the street. My dad had a heart of gold what tasters cantata screen kill shelter your food. Good job. You don't adopt a lot of kids.
Modoc County: So I live with a lot of different people want different stepbrothers. Instead sisters and my fear my family.
Serenna Beers: Wow.
Modoc County: Wow, love, love, love encouragement first
Modoc County: Day. I just, I was also there.
Serenna Beers: So has anybody else besides yourself within your family struggled with mental health or
Serenna Beers: Substances
Serenna Beers: Yes. Okay.
Modoc County: Please fire to the VA sure about your wish someone to to down, you'll see here that we qualified as PTSD. He's got problems in his award. He's been too bad we are at the Iraq war.
Modoc County: Yeah, we all have two more. We have all of us or we all have. So we all have certain kind of all okay
Serenna Beers: So,
Serenna Beers: So those brothers all did. They also struggle with drinking or drugs.
Modoc County: Really
Serenna Beers: Yes. Okay. Okay. What about did anybody else struggle struggle with other type types of things like gambling or shopping or eating.
Serenna Beers: Any type of other. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Which ones.
Serenna Beers: Are you okay
Modoc County: Yes, last a long way.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Um, tell me about growing up. What was school like did you graduate, all the way through 12th grade.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Modoc County: All disagree.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Wow.
Serenna Beers: What about. Were there any significant events that stood up from when you were growing up, or that stood out
Serenna Beers: anything significant events like with family or friends. Do you remember any, like, is there any flashback or memory, whether it's happy or sad, but is there anything specific that stood out as part of your
Serenna Beers: Growing up years
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Tell me if there's any financial or legal issues that you are concerned about
Serenna Beers: Yeah. And I'm not trying to be, you know,
Serenna Beers: I know some of these questions seem
Serenna Beers: Bait. They might seem silly, but this is just part of the assessment and this is how we collect all the information in order to offer you the best type of care.
Modoc County: I'm just fine. I don't want a house.
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm.
Modoc County: Don't pay one. So, yeah.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Modoc County: What
Serenna Beers: Are you in a relationship now.
Serenna Beers: Yes. Okay. And do you have any kids.
Serenna Beers: Okay. And do you live with when you're your home, do you live with. Is it your wife or your significant other.
Serenna Beers: Okay. I mean, you already answered me about the military. Tell me, like, three specific things that you hope to really work on three three main points that you hope to get out of being being with us.
Modoc County: Well, I'm hoping that you guys can ask me, help me with this House very disciplined and also be able to work out.
Modoc County: As of this point I want to put a ring on her he answer so sport as much at the moment for the water kill or something. I have crowbar right here.
Modoc County: But my hands are so small there by side like 16th.
Modoc County: I need some help with my discipline.
Modoc County: And going through the process with you.
Modoc County: And that's what we're on at this point.
Serenna Beers: Okay, do you have any any any other goals.
Modoc County: Goals. I wish.
Serenna Beers: I do to. So I am with you there.
Modoc County: fancy name to be real, you know, real life, real estate. So, yeah.
Modoc County: Yeah, let's just have any money and be able to travel, enjoy your life, you know, before the troll buyers tend to fall.
Serenna Beers: Well,
Serenna Beers: I, I honestly was just asking like for simple things. I mean, what about, is there anything within you that you want to work on.
Me.
Modoc County: Or my additions.
Modoc County: To
Modoc County: Our
Modoc County: Others for Linux be to
Modoc County: Still follow what you are going to help others only others in a wonderful yourself you can help a whole world out
Modoc County: That's true. Now, those people often just don't do anything at all please don't let one finger technical
Modoc County: I got time for
Modoc County: You know the world.
Modoc County: Moves too fast. Those in water to help out and pick up a shower. How about dignity, health and not be on the same key.
Modoc County: But it was more time work on Maya my town electronics controls the whole body is it says filthy things before it's kind of working on my mouth or some when I say now how I represent myself.
Modoc County: How am I add to some stutters and
Modoc County: Not being bipolar and also staff. I'm stressed out. So always your screen and just
Modoc County: Relax.
Serenna Beers: Okay. So sounds like you're speaking of specific skills that I can think of.
Serenna Beers: Would be dialectical be Hey girl skills which include emotion regulation. So it's how you work on having a balance of, you know, it's fine to be upset we we we all get mad.
Serenna Beers: But it's what you say it's the delivery of how it comes out there is a way that you can mean what you say and say what you mean without saying it mean and a lot of folks struggle with, with that, especially when our emotions are heightened and then you put trauma on top of that.
Serenna Beers: You're triggered. So then it only you know exacerbates the already emotion that you're struggling to keep kind of regulated. So, so those are great, great things. Um, I don't think I missed anything, do you have any questions for me.
Modoc County: No.
Modoc County: Well,
Serenna Beers: I appreciate your time and I will. I've got you on the phone. Let me just take a look at something really quick.
Serenna Beers: Because I feel pretty confident than I am your therapist and the reason why I'm going to check is because there's times
Serenna Beers: When I do someone's bio psycho social just to help out. And so I don't want to say, I'll see you next time. If actually, I am not your they're your therapist, so give me one second here. Well, I double check.
Serenna Beers: Because Whether I am or whether I am not. I think for your PTSD eventually down the road, you would be an excellent candidate for em, Dr. Have you ever heard of that.
Serenna Beers: So em dr is used as a evidence base. It's very, I mean it's not recent but it is cutting cutting edge but it's called I movement desensitization desensitization. It's where
Serenna Beers: I use a wand and it has a a light at the end of it, and I stimulate your, your eyes, going back and forth, which is left brain right right right brain.
Serenna Beers: And what that does is it initiates REM sleep while you're a wake and when we're in REM sleep, that's when our brains shut down and they kind of restart and we're at our most relaxed state. So when trauma.
Serenna Beers: Specific trauma happen you know when a trauma event happens, it gets stuck in our
Serenna Beers: Nervous system and it just gets lodged there. So the EM Dr. What, what, what that does is it brings it from your nervous system, which is right in here and it brings it up to your
Serenna Beers: Working memory and you process it from start to finish with which is where your brain was initially intended to to do
Serenna Beers: And it helps you to basically it desensitizes you to the pain doesn't mean that you're never going to think of those pain. Pain painful.
Serenna Beers: Memories again. It just means that when you do, you are more he quipped to handle it. And then it's no longer going to control your life if that makes sense.
Serenna Beers: And it's very common amongst amongst folks who are in a military because there's a lot of trauma there. And that's what you just shared with with me. So I was trying to see which
Serenna Beers: I can't pull this file up right now. So I'm going to look into that and whether I am your therapist or not. That is one of the things that I'm going to recommend because I i really think it's huge.
Serenna Beers: And and it's very successful, we have had a lot. I mean, and there's also a lot of clinical I mean there's there's evidence. There's research that it really does work. So if that's something that
Serenna Beers: You would be fine with me recommending I think that could happen a little bit late, you know, later down the road.
Serenna Beers: Okay. Sure thing.
Serenna Beers: Oh, well I hope you have a good rest of your day stay safe and healthy and I will talk to you again.
Serenna Beers: All right. Thank you.
Serenna Beers: Yes.
Modoc County: So how often does the viral social thing assessment, have to be completed.
Serenna Beers: So I, I just a bio psychosocial is completed and then it goes to individual sessions and that's if he's you know eligible to have those. And those are once a week.
Serenna Beers: He's also if if he wants to or can. There's also groups, there's pain management groups that also that we offer. I don't know if these allergies or if he can do all of those things. But, I mean, there's a number of different things that we could offer him.
Modoc County: Okay, what is wanting to know and also the less you know to his office.
Modoc County: Visit our office to
Serenna Beers: Oh, he is. OK.
Modoc County: For behavior health and we managed like medications and stuff. But we're also helping along with his mental health to. Yeah.
Modoc County: Okay, perfect. Have you seen here as well.
Serenna Beers: Okay. Well, I mean, I just wanted to throw out the EM Dr. I don't know if you've heard of it, but it really is a very successful, especially for those with a lot of trauma. I mean that's that's what it is. It's a trauma trauma in informed care and it is very
Serenna Beers: So very sick successful
Modoc County: What he has to travel out of town for this, he
Serenna Beers: Put with with me, and we do it over zoom
Serenna Beers: He just would need to be in a very quiet place. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: It's, it's, it has come a long, long way. Oh.
Yeah.
Modoc County: He's gonna
Shower something now.
Modoc County: You know,
Serenna Beers: It's taken a while to get to this point, but there's lots of trainings that have happened are being offered
Serenna Beers: And there is a way, you know, while he does the tapping on his own leg, which stimulates the left brain, right brain. He put as matter of fact, this is my wand that I use. Do you see this light.
Serenna Beers: Can you can you see this light and you would follow this light, and I'd have it dark darker and you just follow the light, left, left and right, and it initiates while we work while we talk through it.
Serenna Beers: And I've had really great feed feed feedback. So, I mean, you know, I used to do it face to face, but especially since this whole virus thing hit. I mean, and everything's going to tell a medicine they found a way for it to work and and it actually does. So
Modoc County: Let me ask that question because I thought, oh,
Modoc County: Yeah. Okay, great.
Modoc County: Yeah, I don't have any more questions. I'm
Serenna Beers: Sure and I look forward to hopefully be being able to work with you. Okay.
Serenna Beers: All right. All right. Thank you. Bye.
Bye.